[org/xfce/mousepad/preferences/view]
auto-indent = true
color-scheme = 'oblivion'
font-name = 'Iosevka SS04 20'
highlight-current-line = true
indent-on-tab = true
indent-width = -1
insert-spaces = false
match-braces = true
right-margin-position = 80
show-line-endings = false
show-line-marks = false
show-line-numbers = false
show-right-margin = false
show-whitespace = false
smart-home-end = 'disabled'
tab-width = 4
use-default-monospace-font = false
word-wrap = true

[org/xfce/mousepad/preferences/window]
always-show-tabs = false
cycle-tabs = true
menubar-visible = false
path-in-title = false
remember-size = false
remember-state = false
statusbar-visible = false
toolbar-icon-size = 'small-toolbar'
toolbar-style = 'icons'
toolbar-visible = false
